This is a head-gum original.
This is so strange.
I think you put on camera one.
It's so sweet.
Do you want to have men?
Oh my god, thank you.
Daniel Rashid says that baby has no idea it's a part of comedy history.
Yeah.
We won't be able to hear any of your guys' sounds, I think, but that's fine.
That's okay.
Well, actually.
I'm just going to sign in real quick.
This website.
Don't let Goldies see your password.
She can read only passwords if you want.
Yeah.
Yeah, but she's got a photographic memory.
So she'll pull it up later when she's like 20.
20.
Crosswalk.
Alright, let's record this shit.
This stuff.
Can you say, what's back?
Can you say, in a high school, sir?
So dirty.
Can you a little laptop?
No one, right now, yeah, you can't see.
There she is.
Daniel.
Back at it again with a white baby.
We fucking made it.
Casey, how long have we been awake?
Uh, this is the,
Oh, what time is it?
11 a.m.
We've been alive for, I don't need 23 hours.
And then what time did you, you've been awake the whole time?
I have been awake the entire time.
What time did both of you get up yesterday?
God, you asked.
I got up at 9 a.m.
Goldie, what time did you get up?
This is what she does when she's trying to threaten you and be like,
you're not that guy.
She's trying to threaten me.
Yeah.
I fear if we're just listening to this,
uh, there's a baby here.
Yeah.
Can you say, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up.
She slid over towards Casey,
Yeah, she did that.
She, she's burying the lead because I've seen her real estate portfolio
and it makes Taylor Swift look like a joke.
If you're just listening to this, you need what you need to watch it.
Because there is Jeff has a actual human baby on the couch next to him.
Yeah.
And if you're just missing this, this is the Hedgen podcast.
This is in the final hour and a half of Jeff's surprise
24 hour live stream where he's been.
Hour.
Sorry.
Final hour, final hour.
Final hour.
Um, and the final hour.
And he's been watching or neglecting a baby doll
and on you did just bring in an actual baby because he's
Oh, wow.
Um, earlier yesterday, Jeff did say,
I don't like babies.
And now she's grabbing his hand.
He's been, he's been saying it all night long.
Actually, all night long.
Midway.
All right.
I hate kids.
Well, like she's got her tiny nose.
She just wants to hold Jeff's hand.
She's a pretty little grabber all over.
Anky Jeff's.
Now.
All right.
We got to get this baby out of here.
This was not my idea.
A baby was brought into the studio and plop.
I was also.
Anky.
Zunkel.
Godfather.
You're kind of drunk or an out to, right?
How do you figure?
At least like on drunk on no sleep.
At least.
Yeah.
That's just sleep.
I woke up.
What time do you go to sleep?
One.
A.M.
Yeah.
What time do you wake up?
Around nine.
Ask me when we went to sleep.
When did you go to sleep?
Last.
Yeah.
That would be one A.M.
Two days ago.
One A.M.
Yeah.
I was like up at three.
I was about to five.
I'm kind of on a.
So I don't mean interrupt.
Do you guys know if she has had a meal at home?
Do you guys know if she's you feel?
New York.
When you guys let's go to sleep.
I'm going to put it like 230.
Yeah.
About same.
And I woke up at five.
And I woke up at six.
Fifty to come back to the studio.
Mm-hmm.
This kid's really winning me over.
Yeah.
I swear to God.
I'll give her money.
Oh, yeah.
And introducing.
Goldie.
Ha.
And then I'll add the packs of the fix.
You don't see a lot of bonnets anymore.
Yeah.
It's nice.
We should bring back the bonnet.
Yeah.
I also have been thinking about bringing back the passie.
Ooh.
Okay.
I don't.
Yeah.
Just like I don't have some fire.
Sorry.
Would you say America?
I just said adult pacifiers.
Or like a binky.
Whatever the difference is.
Sure.
A little dummy.
What is it called?
Like.
Yeah.
Those are, I mean, you.
All the words you said are fine.
Our good.
And our correct.
Goldie to me has become more than a style icon.
She's become a fashion inspiration.
Yeah.
She's like imprinting on Casey right now.
It's intimidating.
She's like, yeah.
Look away.
But it's also in a way where it's like, you know that you're safe with it.
Like I know that no matter what happens, she's got my back.
Yeah.
Does that make sense?
I think she can't sit up on her own.
Well, that's really why we have babies to fix ourselves.
Yeah.
I don't want to scare her by laughing too hard.
But I would have laughed harder than that if it wasn't a baby.
What?
Are you getting bored?
Should we throw to an athletic greens ad?
Cause it's actually an all-in-one nutritional insurance.
Yeah.
Oh, that's not good.
That's not good.
You were doing so much better for Greene for sure.
The baby is medicine to me.
Sort of like animal medicine.
Yeah.
I'm working with the medicine.
Sorry, excuse me and saying.
I'm working with the medicine of the human form.
What were you going to say?
Oh, I was just kind of agreeing with him verbally.
I was trying to give like audio support.
Mm-hmm.
Oral joy.
No.
Gives something to say?
What do you want to say?
Do you want anything to plug?
We could start plugs.
She wants to plug nap time.
And huge.
Getting on dad's nerves.
Sounds to plug her past.
She's eight.
Oh.
She's eight years old.
Yeah.
I'll buy eight months.
But even that.
She looks like a wonder.
How old is she?
Oh, but okay.
That's about when the old twins started to work.
I think.
Yeah.
But Ali was ready more so than AJ.
So those are the very different twins.
The most.
The most interesting.
Are you interested?
So this is called a podcast, right?
It's basically, it's like,
When you say recorded radio,
it's such a weird way to put it.
I don't understand.
Yeah.
Especially a baby.
Push it well.
How'd you explain it to her?
Yeah.
It's sort of like an hour of pop culture discussion.
Mean spirited games and quizzes.
And got you journalism.
So where does she live?
What?
Like neighborhood.
Don't talk to speak.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
I'm also not trying to put her in a box.
All right.
She can do anything she wants.
Yeah.
She looks over at this point.
She was interested.
And now she's laying on your knife.
All right.
She's like, yeah.
It's not Disneyland.
I'll tell you that for sure.
What's up?
Do you need?
Do you want to check out the Jordan's?
Just call her face.
I don't even know.
Someone in the chat.
Yeah.
She's joining Team Coco.
That's really buddy for two million a year.
On you.
All right.
Bye.
Go.
Who's dog was that?
I mean, baby.
I don't.
I'm not around babies often.
Who's baby was that?
I think on your friends.
On your friend credible.
That's why we didn't want you to surprise.
It's yours.
To please.
Set on baby.
I'm going to Paris this year.
Yeah.
You said next month.
Yes.
Why?
That's fine.
Japan's.
I could be.
Paris again.
You think you.
You think you could be.
You.
Yeah.
Paul.
Just.
I name.
For just a year.
Year.
Ooh.
In.
Epock.
I don't know.
An entire era.
Remember when she'll be just like,
really bust it out this banish?
Yeah.
I remember that.
Emma.
How the heck are you?
I'm doing all right.
I'm tired.
But I know you're not the audience for that kind of talk.
That kind of talk.
I do like how everyone who has kind of
Strolled in to either their New York office or their L.A. office.
Yeah.
Checks in with us and goes like, well, I didn't get a lot of sleep myself.
Okay.
See because I've only got two hours or three hours.
I got eight.
And I'm just like, whoa.
Yeah.
How about not?
Honestly.
I'm so sleepy.
Yeah.
And so to get really appreciate you being like a little bit more considerate.
I understand.
I have to go record a friend's podcast after that, which was an interesting thing that I agreed to.
Yeah.
Today.
I will also say that for us, we were awake earlier in the start of the day yesterday.
It came into the office.
Stayed up pretty late.
Only got minimum.
Three, four hours of sleep came back to the office.
Can you imagine Jeff?
Four hours.
I can't imagine four hours of food.
That's crazy.
Have these been going on?
Imagine not being on campus.
Yeah.
That's crazy.
That these party lights have been going on since the music.
Yeah.
I've got a lot of changing it.
But then we're like, it's a vibe.
It is a vibe.
I have a question for you both since you have been through this kind of journey together.
What have you learned about each other that describes you?
I'm really, I'm putting on my best journey for a lack of a better girl.
Yeah.
Like have you learned anything about each other that's like been surprising or good question.
We've been talking about this.
I mean, a lot of people who listen to this episode probably didn't watch the stream.
But like, it's a thing of like, yeah, we've been up for 24 hours almost, which, you know,
we've all done that.
But we've pulled all nighters.
It's tough.
But it's fine.
You go to sleep.
It's whatever.
It's the being watched.
Yeah.
They're having to perform for that many hours.
We're working that back to back to back top of the hour.
Someone leaves.
Somebody else comes in.
Holy shit.
We have to do another hour.
And I don't even know what this is going to be.
Yeah.
And I hit a breaking point.
I didn't think I was going to hit a breaking point.
So I guess I learned that my breaking point happens around what 20 hours, 21 hours.
I just got to know.
That was something that Jeff, we've talked about it a lot over the course of the
night.
But he has constantly felt like I got to be on.
There's people coming in there.
They are coming on to talk to him.
No one's like really coming on to expecting to talk to me.
But.
Rice.
Sure.
The rhythm of the rice is how you, it's about how you move your hips.
Yeah.
I know.
I'm taking a bite into rice.
I do.
But the point I wanted to make was I didn't have any sort of pressure of like,
a little bit more pressure.
I have much pressure for people who are watching, like I kind of zone out on the fact
that hundreds of people were watching us all night long.
But even just like pared down to just like an experience level, this had to
have been a bonding experience for your friendship.
No, it felt like military hazing.
I feel like you and I are like going to.
I was going to say, cubal.
That's the wrong word.
I did have a lot to leave.
Yeah.
And you were probably going to leave us, like, two.
Yeah, at least you said friend.
But I saw it.
I saw it in Jess eyes.
Yeah.
I couldn't leave him here with people.
He didn't know talking to people.
He didn't know.
She cried.
What?
Huh?
If what?
It was me and Jake Robinson.
How can they done it?
What?
That's fair to say.
I just held a baby.
You know I did just hold a baby.
No, Jake was great.
I'm kidding.
But yeah, it was helpful to have someone you know in the room.
It like four or 30.
Yeah.
I think it would have just been slightly creepy.
What?
Um, because obviously I was sleeping, what?
What led to the breaking point and like, what did that feel like in your body?
Because I remember you, I have tuned in for a bit when you were like, I'm hitting
my third wall.
I think I did it.
What was it breaking?
It came in way.
The walls were fine.
It just was this thing of like, I felt like everything was caving in and I can't do this.
I can't be on display this tired with new people that have never met asking, like,
that, well, some people came in and were like, taking me exactly where I was.
Other people came in like asking a lot of me and I was like, I can't give you that.
Yeah, you named names of who was asking a lot of you?
No.
Okay.
Was it Marika?
Yes.
Okay.
Yeah.
But that's our, that's our general like friendship rapport, working relationship.
Me asking a lot of you.
And then you'd probably not responding to my text, but we covered that and miles the same.
They're trotters.
Which by the way, I'm going to plead Miss Trial, but yeah.
No.
Wow.
I wasn't going to say.
Be brought so much evidence.
So much evidence.
No.
But I also would like to, I mean, I've been complaining.
I'll have more gratitude tomorrow, but, uh, uh, sorry.
I just got distracted by the.
I think I was gold.
I goldy.
Goldy.
Just how much work went into this.
Like, I really do appreciate it from the New York team from the, well, yeah.
I don't know if it's Stockholm syndrome or not, but I, you know, it was a cool thing
to be a part of.
I wanted to be over soon.
But, uh, it was a once in a lifetime opportunity and clearly so much thought and planning
went into each and every aspect of it.
So shout out to the whole headgum team.
I'm not going to say thank you, but I will say shout out.
Yeah.
Feels fair.
Gabers made a good point yesterday.
I was trying with him between segments.
And, um, we were talking about like how, you know, like you said earlier, that it's like
we, that it's so much love that it's like we do it because we love you and, and also that it's
like, that it's like every one has thought that it's like you can handle something like
this that you can be on for 24 hours and Gabers now are like, and that's so cool.
Such an honor.
I never want a fucking do it.
But, um, happy to have it in and out.
Like I was thinking like, oh, that's so cool.
And I was like, both of us were like, man, that'd be so awesome.
They's bringing on me and like, no, I would hate this.
I would never want to do this.
Well, I've talked to you about how I hate surprise parties.
Yeah.
So this is kind of like the ultimate surprise.
Because probably over the course of hours, thousands of people watching you.
Yeah.
How much money has been raised by the way?
Well, it was 10,000.
But there was like, it was again, we were only doing proceeds.
So I think it's only going to be.
Yeah.
We were 500.
We were raising money, uh, over the past 24 hours for, uh, stand-up girls.
Uh, and they came in the watch.
Yeah.
And the watch.
They came and watched some of Jeff's stand-up, which was just his, uh, shark tank puns.
Um, they were very funny.
Yeah.
I thought that was really, no, I thought that's like my was really fun.
I was, I was worried, but I thought.
And did they like it?
Did they think it was funny?
They were on fun.
Yeah.
They were laughing at it.
Well, because what I know that means is that once you guys have to
off Zoom, you were in the lobby of the office and kind of were like,
thanks so much for doing it.
They were like, yeah.
Yeah.
They loved, they were so happy.
They've been posting on social media.
Like, we had to keep it a surprise, obviously.
And they were so excited to do it.
They were posting on social media like tune in.
There's a huge, like we got a huge announcement.
They, they're like thrilled.
They took whatever taking photos of the studio.
Like, that's awesome.
That's cool.
I mean, they were quick.
They were smart.
They were funny.
Um, I think that's a cool program.
Yeah.
Um, I don't remember what we were talking about before.
Um, would, would, I mean, not talk, Jeff, because Jeff's already done this.
Um, if for everyone in this,
zoom.
Um, would.
How would you guys react?
Like, would you guys, would you guys be down to do something like this?
Or would it be like hell, no, absolutely not.
If it was surprised upon me, I would tell you.
I wouldn't leave.
I would, I would, I would I would.
Yeah, I think I would.
But what if it was pitched to you in a meeting for weeks in advance?
I could be like me.
That's not what I thought you were kind of sad,
You're gonna say it's a really fun example.
And what would you do it?
I think I would stay if it was sprung on me,
but if it was an advance, I probably wouldn't agree to it.
I think it's the opposite for me.
But you were around for a lot of it.
Not always on camera, sometimes on camera, like...
Yeah, but that's different.
But I'm also not a performer.
I don't even want to stick to the plans
that I make for myself.
The idea of someone else.
Yeah, but I think you're good on Mike,
I would say, like, you're confident.
Thank you for those fishing.
But...
Yeah, I would stay if I was in your position.
Yeah.
Riga?
I would stay.
I also, well, I think that I could handle it,
but not in the sense of being a performer.
I think it would be really boring if I was sitting
in front of the camera for 24 hours,
but I would do it.
Because I also feel like growing up
I did dumb things.
Let's try to stay up for 24 hours
and stay on Skype and watch stuff on TV
and all the kind of stuff.
So like, feel...
I feel like I could handle it.
I definitely like...
You also said that you used to hang around
with a rag tag group of rascals
who would like bail white-collar criminals
out of federal prison.
Yeah.
That's not the people we need to be bailed out.
Yeah, no, well, we were hackers
and we had a little chat.
I don't know.
And that's kind of how we did most of our work,
but yeah.
Most of your work?
Yeah.
Our work.
We called it work.
Because we could go to school,
we would go to school and then we'd come home
and then we'd do a bit of that.
And it was like our job after school.
Yeah.
By the way, I promised goal the I wouldn't do this,
but you've been nursing that drink all day
and it's pretty much just Boba bubbles, right?
There's no liquid in the entire time.
You were just sucking down tapioca.
Yeah.
It was a moochomango, but heavy on tapioca pearls.
Ha ha ha ha.
I've only stayed.
I've only done one.
What'd you do this?
One nighter.
I mean, if I, if I, if I was in here,
I would do it.
I would be not thrilled.
I would be excited for like the first two hours.
Yeah.
And then I would hit me and be like, oh shit.
I've only pulled one all nighter
before like one like 24 hours step.
And I felt like absolute shit the next day.
Because it's like the adrenaline that keeps you going
for a bit of like, oh, I'm going to do it.
We're going to do it all nighter.
And like it keeps you.
And then it's like, then the wee hours of the morning hit.
And then I want to kill myself.
It looks like it's so.
And the next day feels like the worst hangover
of your entire life.
Because what's going to happen is I'm going to go home.
And I'm going to just go to sleep at 12 30.
Yeah.
Wake up at what?
Nine.
Yeah.
Then what?
Now you're then you're going to be not turned off.
Now I'm fucked.
You might sleep through the whole night.
God willing.
I hope I try to go.
Kind of what Connor was saying.
Is that?
That's kind of what Connor was saying.
Yeah.
Uh.
Well, we were talking about it.
We were saying to go with God.
Yeah.
Oh.
Hi, Monica.
Hi, I'm a, I'm a, I put headphones on.
So I see here your voices.
Hi, I'm on.
Yeah.
You guys sound in looking.
Right, too.
Oh, thank you so much.
Yeah.
It's no problem.
Oh, this is a great hairstyle dress.
I'm just going to put you in it.
Okay.
Guys, our next partners, I've let a greens.
I don't know what else to say.
I take AG1 every morning.
All right.
Wake up.
Water.
AG1.
Cold brew.
I'm soren.
All right.
I'm off.
I have mental clarity.
I have increased alertness.
And I have increased energy.
And stamina.
I wanted to try this stuff because I have sleep issues.
All right.
Even if I get like nine hours of sleep, I don't feel good.
But honestly, since I've started taking that that a greens and it's been over a year now,
everything has improved.
My sleep quality has improved.
How I feel during the day has improved, especially the morning because I am not a
morning person.
I cannot recognize this enough.
I cannot recommend this enough, all right.
AG1.
It's hard for me to keep up with a supplement routine that comes with a bunch of different
products.
I literally had like eight different vitamins.
I was taking what was a magnesium glycine, vitamin E, vitamin D, vitamin B, 12.
And a couple of other things.
B, delivery.
It was too much.
There was too many pills.
It was expensive.
It was inconvenient.
And now I get literally all of those things and more for cheaper and easier.
It's just easier to stay consistent with it.
I noticed that it helped me again with improved clarity and alertness, especially in the
morning as someone who needs all the extra energy I can get coffee wasn't even cutting
it anymore.
I needed these supplements to really feel at my best mentally.
And AG1 has filled that in for me, made it easy, made it consistent and it's easy because
it's so easy to fit into your lifestyle.
It's just one scoop of powder mixed with water once a day.
Everyone can do that and it tastes great.
So after a certain point, you're just looking forward to it.
It becomes a staple in your day and it becomes something that your day doesn't feel
right when you don't have it.
It gives you increased energy and mood support making it easy to live your best life.
And I'm always looking for life hacks, which is why I've come to trust and love AG1 by
athletic greens.
It just is a life hack to get you these things.
That oftentimes we aren't getting from the nutrition from our normal food on any given
day.
So, very important, very convenient, I love AG1.
So if you're looking for an easier way to take supplements, athletic greens is giving you
a free one-year supply of vitamin D and five free travel packs with your first purchase.
Please go to athleticgreens.com slash what's that?
Again, that's athleticgreens.com slash what's that?
Check it out guys, it's ideal to have, it's ideal to sit in.
This show is sponsored by Better Help, guys.
Getting to know yourself can be a lifelong process, right?
It's a long road ahead, the long and winding you.
No, but in all seriousness, we're always learning and changing and growing and becoming
different version of ourselves, right?
We all talk about, you know, I'm in my flop era.
Oh, I'm in my this era, I'm in my like long hair era.
You're changing all the time, right?
And you have to be able to be clocking these changes and adapting to and with yourself.
And that's where therapy can come in.
It's all about deepening yourself awareness and understanding.
Because sometimes we don't know what we want or why we react the way we do until we talk
things through with an objective third-party source, right?
That's why I'm in therapy every week is to become the better version of myself, to be
more self aware, more understanding of how I react to things and why.
So that I can show up for the people around me as the best version of myself, right?
I think that if you have the access to therapy, you owe it to yourself.
And there's no shame.
You don't have to be going through something to be in therapy.
You can just be going once a week and, you know, there might be some weeks where you're
like, I don't even know anything to talk about.
You get to therapy.
You think it's going to be a waste of time.
Suddenly you're talking for an hour, things you didn't even realize were present in your
life.
Down beneath the surface.
And that's just, I think, an incredible tool to have.
And if you have it at your disposal, and with things like better help coming in, expanding
access, making it easier, cheaper, more affordable, and more convenient, you can't go wrong.
So if you're thinking of giving therapy a try, start with better help.
It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule.
Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch
therapists at any time for no additional charge.
Whatever you're potential with better help, visit betterhelp.com slash what's that?
Today to get 10% off your first month, again, that's better help, HELP.com slash what's
that?
Thanks, better help.
Did you ever make rice?
Doesn't look like it.
No.
I can't do anything else.
I can't.
Should we?
There was the first thing that he got was the rice after Jeff Probes announced this.
And then we'd be like wholesale.
Yeah.
You should have made him make fire in the stock.
And then you get to go out, but in case you win, I could easily be Jeff Probes.
Well, the whole thing was like, well, it's like 24 hours, right?
We kind of got to the bottom of that.
You mean a mirror had talked about doing an all night or something, and that was last summer,
and then apparently a mirror pitched this in a content meeting last summer.
So it might have been tracked back to me.
Right.
A prison of my own making.
We wanted to be all night or in the style of like the college humor.
Yeah.
Of like doing sketchy.
Which is not.
24 hours.
I remembered this morning.
We were talking about it.
It was 12 hours.
It was 8 PM to 8 AM.
And it was a group of people doing it.
It wasn't live streamed.
So the all night or should be a bunch of had gun podcasts was dropping it out.
We should do that as a separate thing.
It's not live streamed.
And it should just be 12 hours.
And episode every hour in the studio.
And it's not live streamed.
Why would it be live streamed?
Well, then what's the point?
Looking up.
We should look at the live stream.
Well, then it's just like us a private thing.
It's supposed to be delirious episode records.
Uh, episodes.
And then we could also throw in like two or three sketches that we have to write.
And film the sketches in the same night.
And it would be like, uh, you remember that so sweet life of Zach and Cody.
Of course.
Yeah.
So nothing like a Disney channel cross over.
How long have we been recording?
We have we have about a half an hour to go.
Are you just going to go home and pass out?
Are you going to eat what's what's the vibe?
I'm going to get some pancakes.
And then I'm going to go to the park to sleep.
I'm going to enjoy every second of it.
Isaac.
Do you want to take your pajamas with you?
No.
No, we gave food.
I got those for you.
You bought those for me?
Yeah.
There were pajamas here.
They're right at your feet, case.
Uh, thank you.
Yeah.
I'll take them like yeah.
I'm checking on the chair right now.
It's a blue.
It's like blue.
I forgot that this is live street.
I thought I'd tell you if you were releasing this.
You thought she'll be brought the stuff that I've been planning.
Well, when it was just me and Jeff in here and I said, what's this?
He said, she'll be brought it.
She did bring it in and say, I brought you this.
That was the, that was the bed.
There you go.
Oh, are these ear?
Is this ear?
Mm-hmm.
Oh, my goodness.
Was that ever unfolded?
Did we get them?
See what the bed is?
That was the real apps.
The baby's gone.
We saw the baby.
Um, cries and waves.
And you guys should do the headgum podcasts.
No, no, no.
Children's babies.
Like have a bunch of shows.
But we all round Robin of sorts have to switch hosts for different shows for a stream.
That would be great.
What do I want to host?
Yeah.
Just be honest about all of them on the network.
Buckits.
That's really fucking funny.
Spitting the fombazze football.
I don't know either.
Thehing out.
Daryl and I hosting buckbox as my god.
I sat next to a mirror during our like headgum holiday company and dinner.
And though I, I was like, come up with conversation alley.
Like let's talk about sports.
He loves basketball.
And I was like so, what are you supposed to eat?
And I was like, so, what do you think about Devon Booker?
And he was like, uh, why?
And I was like, well, I heard King and kind of John
are just for a prom.
Yeah, that's your game.
Yeah, that's why I was like, do you think he's been
good lately?
And he's like, no, and I'm like, because he's
probably hurting.
He's probably hurting inside.
And emotionally.
Oh, I don't know what that is.
Party.
What what what shows would you guys all want to host?
Try to.
I want I just want to hear you host buckets.
It's like, you guys, uh, what was.
Oh, uh, being like,
Devon Booker's a problem.
I don't know.
If you just give me a list of names because I
don't know any, I can only talk about that
on the personal level.
I mean, that's all sports is as memorizing names.
And I'd be like, oh my god, don't even ask him.
Not this season.
And then the crowd, because it's a live show is going, oh, yeah.
Yeah.
All right, you're like, why do you remember the bulls in
the 90s?
Pretty good.
Do you hear that?
Oh, it's good.
90.
Is that what I'm here so much to you?
That's just, I guess, just any man to me, including
myself.
Great.
We're just, you're just killing the Tim Allen.
Oh, all right, you.
You're a doctor.
I didn't get you yesterday.
That was cool.
And a pregnancy.
Well, honestly, okay, the pregnancy was my fault.
I've come to realize that a mere doc's to himself.
I said, I made a joke about how he doesn't have the
gall to propose.
And then he offered up the information that actually I did
and we're engaged to be with.
And it could have lived on the stream
where only a couple hundred people were listening.
But now we're saying it on the headgun podcast.
Oh, I don't know what to do.
Let's add five for you.
I got it.
Who was say?
What do I say?
Ohms.
You say B.
B.
Ohms.
That's it.
What do I say?
Bite.
You say rice.
Rice.
Bite.
Fuck you guys.
Yes.
What do I feel like to be you?
Yeah.
Why did that?
Several times throughout the night.
Lots of things energy going here than feather.
Is it?
Could you give us a minute?
So I've never done this with a producer.
Could you just give us a minute?
Could we have the room?
We just have the room for a second.
Well, he was here.
Oh, no.
You know what?
I have felt though.
You are looking over at me a lot more like familiar.
Now that Ania is sitting next to me, I don't seem to, you're not as annoyed when you
look in this direction.
I've never been annoyed by you.
I only make jokes like that to people.
I feel comfortable with.
I was going to say this is a bond.
This is a bond.
Yeah.
Because you've been with us through some of the thick of it.
Trauma bonding.
So once a let's bring out back, we'll do another episode of review before we head out.
You guys enjoy.
How would you feel if you had to do an hour of improv right now after that?
I would.
That's where I draw the line.
I'm done.
I'm fucking done.
Are you going to do improv two hours now?
Oh my god.
Not doing that.
Okay.
I don't know.
No, I think you met the Harold.
No, I met the Harold audition.
I thought we were saying when you'd be back in improv shape.
I need a 92 nights of solid sleep after this.
Okay.
So Monday morning.
It sounds like Monday.
It's a four months holiday.
It's really important to Jeff.
Do you pick it up Tuesday?
I'll finish recording on Monday.
We can, we can slot you in.
I'm not working on my makeup.
Let me look at the calendar real quick.
No, it's not about the calendar.
I'm not doing it.
It is, it is open.
Kind of like, it is open.
Yeah, whatever time we want.
Do you want us to call you CB in try to reschedule your audition?
For you.
Let's do it right now.
Uh, no, because I think this is the last weekend and I can't do it tomorrow.
I don't want to do tomorrow.
I don't want, I can't do it Monday.
So, you know who used to be wants is parsley.
They want to see parsley is holding on.
Yeah, Marie, go.
I don't want you to call to get the reception.
The whole deal.
parsley is going to change parsley.
It's going to be funny.
It's shit.
I'm being funny.
It's fall.
That's my favorite bit ever.
parsley is going to come in and change the scene.
Marie, can you gotta be funny as shit?
And you gotta tell us your whole deal.
You're going to change the scene entirely with your entrance.
I think all the time.
I know.
I'm, now I'm, because I thought this was my house.
parsley parsley parsley parsley on the side.
Yeah, that's my new, um, maybe I'll change my new parsley.
That's really like middle name.
And for those listeners who don't know, what, who's parsley?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
parsley is, um, an ingenious character, uh,
lived by Marie K. Brownley.
We did, when Alfa and I came on, it was me, Alf,
Jeff Marie K. for an episode of the pagan podcast.
And, um, Jeff had a segment of review review review,
where we did a bit of improv based on reviews of review.
And Jeff promised Marie K.
That she wouldn't have to do a scene.
And it's like, not that two minutes in, like,
we were doing a bit worse, like Alfa's my son.
And Jeff's my new husband.
He's going to mean his stepdad.
Oh, I'd also preface to by being like, yeah, Marie could do not
and do not.
And then two minutes and he's like, you know who I brought with me.
My friend, Parson, who's going to tell you his whole deal
and change the scene entirely and be funny as shit.
Here's the thing.
I love that we're telling us at the end of this 24 hour stream,
because isn't that the spirit with which we thought of this very idea?
The Hedgen podcast spirit.
No, you telling Marie, you telling Marie,
because she's not going to be in it.
And then putting her on this pot, making her be in it.
Yeah, no, this is karma for sure.
I get it.
I'm going to go to an emergency.
This is her first.
Yeah, I think Parson's curse.
I think they called this a Parson's allegory title of that.
Yeah, Parson's allegory.
It was Parson's allegory.
It was my only note.
I do wish it was more of people that I knew that was tough.
Sure, sure, sure, sure.
It was just, especially in the morning.
Everyone you know is like, yeah, it's room.
Yeah, that's true.
Yeah, yeah.
More Jake would have been nice.
Oh, is it his fruit?
If I felt like the hardest stretch of it all was the zooms this morning.
Being on Zoom for like four hours straight, but it was all a great.
Sure.
Thank you, Chuck.
I think it was all great content.
And it was clearly, it was, you guys pulled it off without a hitch.
Yeah, I feel like we can like do a debrief kind of download lessons learned like on Tuesday
kind of like not on a stream.
That's true.
Yeah.
I thought.
Now.
Yeah, what a great time to, I mean, I appreciate the initiative.
I love a debrief, but yeah.
My vote would be for Tuesday.
Twenty minutes, twenty two minutes.
Home stretch.
You got it, baby.
Are you going to drive home?
No, I'm getting a ride.
Okay.
I'm going to drive home.
Casey, why don't we get you an Uber?
I don't want to drive my car.
I would like to drive my car.
You're driving my car.
I'm trying to get him a new car.
I want to drive my car.
Keep going on the road with the other drivers.
So it's not a song.
I want to drive my car on the road now, I'm a you look really upset.
I'm, I'm not upset.
I'm in a great mood.
Oh, yeah.
It's really comfortable.
It's really hot here.
I'm sorry.
We got two different fans running.
Is your door open?
No.
Oh, you got to look at that door.
It was open.
We thought it was very, very worse.
Yeah.
Oh, wow.
How's that possible?
Because the heater is on blast outside of the office
and we can't turn it off.
Oh, no.
Oh, it's winter.
Yeah, sure.
Yeah, she does not the only thing on blast today.
Speak on it.
Yeah.
Danny tore me a new one.
Didn't he give you a run?
That's true.
Would you eat?
Well, we had my most.
Also, KC is sack of white rice.
So I think you go to the sand on the stove.
Champagne and kidding, call me a sack of white rice.
Oh, yeah, just did.
And honestly, it killed.
Great.
Oh, yeah.
It was just smiling because it's over.
Not that it happened.
I also got it.
Damn it.
That was body for sure.
You were body.
Yeah.
We're all him.
He's on the day.
But goldies hurt.
We're all the wheels different.
Yeah.
Jeff, best and worst parts of the stream for you.
Didn't we did that?
Well, we did this episode.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
The lowest was this morning when it was just a lot.
Yeah.
That is a lot of energy.
Let's do the bond of the week.
Oh, yeah.
The bond has to be someone that was on the stream at any point.
Bond, though, we got it.
Yeah.
Ben Katzman.
Love.
Yeah.
The shirtsman.
Beautiful.
For sure.
I like to pitch Miles Bonson Yorday for Bond because it disguises
though.
The first Italian bond.
Bond.
We've done that before, but yeah.
I'm so sorry.
Jeff, come here.
What the fuck is that?
Why would you think that?
Well, my bottom of it was going to be you.
Why?
I don't know.
You're the only actor on the show.
That's not true.
Who else acts?
Okay.
I don't know.
I'm the guest.
We all sing.
Actually, we all sing.
No one else acts.
That's literally not true.
On the stream.
You.
Gables.
Yeah.
You're going to be my pick.
I want to be Bond.
I'm so sorry.
Yeah.
Gables.
No.
Bond villain.
Yeah.
I got a.
We just.
Bond villain.
I'd see it.
Wait.
The.
Bond villain was Billy.
Yes, you.
I know.
That was really sad.
Billy, if you're watching this.
You got me, brother.
I felt like the chat was turning on this whole thing.
I don't know if the chat was like if this is real let him go, there was a whole campaign to set you free.
And they were appreciated because I was straight up ignoring them because I was worried that Billy was mad at me.
They were just trying to like get you settled in the moment to be like, let's take a part what just happened.
You see, see if this is real.
What you also asked, what did I learn?
I don't know.
I thought the Billy thing was real.
Well, I thought it was real until I ran out of the studio and spotted a mirror and go, and what the fuck is Billy doing?
Is it a bit?
And then not a mirror was like, yeah, it's a bit.
I was like, thank God.
When I was watching, I didn't catch that it was Billy.
All I tuned in for was just like, I have a self tape for a commercial do it five.
That didn't end up happening.
And that was real.
That was real.
That sucks.
I never the same time.
You thought it was the same thing.
And I was like, oh, everything's rolling in for some reason right now and we're ruining Jeff's life.
That would have been really funny to get on the stream though, like to do a self tape.
To do a self tape.
I thought you would.
That would have been real.
I would have done it.
We didn't have done it.
Yeah.
You didn't have time.
I don't want to know.
Well, we had to.
There was no downtime.
That's the thing.
Well, we're not the only downtime was like between like one and two a.m.
Yeah, but prime British hour in the British hour.
Yeah.
I don't know.
What are you guys doing tonight?
I'm hanging out with my mom.
Please tell her I say hello.
I will.
A lot of moms in town.
Yeah.
A big mom.
You go and I can dinner.
What else?
I think tonight she wants to go out on the town.
Yeah.
It's going to pop.
Maybe too bungalow.
Your buddies invited you to go to poppy tonight.
Right.
You met him in.
What was it?
Milan.
I learned my lesson.
I learned.
Oh, it's not going to be like last time.
She was invited out by who is a Carla.
Carla Claus.
Yeah.
Who else?
But we'll tell them what she did.
Our favorite model slash coder.
Yeah.
So she.
That's the thing.
She should have enough going on to not do what she did to rally,
which was that she poured.
The bottles of champagne into a bowl and then onto you.
Yeah.
And all of you are pretty.
I actually don't want.
Sorry.
You don't want to be pretty.
I wasn't there.
Yeah.
Tonight or today.
I'm just doing work.
I rescheduled an oil change to come be here.
You can do that anytime.
I know.
I was on the boat Daniel.
I was on Daniel call me this morning.
And he's like, are you going to do the headgon podcast?
Like, well, I left my hydroflask at the studio last night.
So I actually have to go back and get it.
And last night,
I was like, oh, do you want to have on the headgon podcast?
And I'm like, ah, an oil change at noon.
And Daniel's like, that is such a stupid fucking excuse.
He's like, I'm like, I've rescheduled it three times.
He's like, you don't know them.
Yeah.
And I was like, jiffy.
I'm like, but honestly, I know I'm like, I'm really tired.
And he was dying.
You have to go tell him that.
That can you really make me mad?
You have to go tell him.
He's like, how much sleep do you get?
Like, eight hours.
Just like, you have to go tell him that you didn't want to go up.
Because you're too sleepy.
You're crazy for that one.
Oh, my god.
Isaac, what do you learn during this?
What do you learn during this whole thing?
You know, I had never rocked.
I did have the thought, because this is like the first thing I've done.
Like, here in the offices and stuff like that.
Yeah.
And it's, I got, I had to came in for like a little bit of a training like a month or so ago.
And I, part of me was thinking, oh, yeah, you know, maybe do this.
Maybe they'll want to like hire you or something like that.
And then my first thing I hear from you is that you want to be an employee as well.
So I don't think either that's going to happen for us.
It is.
I'm not getting benefits.
And it's always fun to, you know, you trap a 25 year old in a room after 13 hours.
They're going to just start trashing everybody around them and.
Wait, what did I say?
Oh, just just seemed like you were like, you were just going after.
You just, you hit a point where you were going after people.
When, when Isaac first got here and got into the room,
you did kind of snap at him.
And be like, I don't even want to look at you.
And that's the joke.
Yeah, I shouldn't have done that because you didn't know you really know why I'm in the tone of the show.
He's a comedian.
He works with comedian.
I know, but I was still rude to your face.
That like four a five a.m.
I'm sorry.
Six a.m.
It was truly nothing personal could have been anyone.
I like to, I liked it too in the morning when you were breaking down.
What's wrong with Hollywood?
What did I say?
I don't just, a lot of, a lot of reboot culture stuff.
A lot of, I don't get enough respect.
I don't even remember this.
I don't remember that.
That's really funny.
Get enough of this.
Hearing it like that is so funny.
After this whole thing was put together.
Ali, what did you learn during this?
Um, I guess I learned that you and I look a lot more alike than I thought.
I don't think it's much else.
Yeah.
It's really more of an essence.
It's a Midwestern sensibility.
I think so.
Yeah.
And anybody wears overalls they could look like.
But it was fun.
I mean, we really like, we had meetings about this for months.
Talking about it.
I think it together.
I don't understand anyone in my life.
You guys all kept it.
I mean, it wasn't like we picked this date.
And then we were like, okay, eight months from now.
Yeah.
The date was moving.
Well, you picked a live stream where you sort of.
Yeah.
What?
The end of playing.
I meant it truly is like a bullying thing, but it was going to come out of different.
Well, we spent my ass.
Got it.
Okay.
It was for 24 hours.
Yes.
Oh.
And with like a vengeance to like not machine that just like that.
I got to go sleep.
So it's just going to keep going.
All right.
Yeah.
You get some shut eye.
Well, this thing spanked my shit.
Oh.
I'm here.
It's not here.
Now I don't feel bad anymore.
Yeah.
I remember.
I think it was on your America.
Or Ali.
It's been so long ago.
Who reached out and was like, hey,
can you hop on a zoom with us to talk?
Like some headgum, creative thing.
Yeah.
I was like, it is at 1099.
I'm like, I'm being included in a work meeting.
Okay.
I'm in play.
Big day.
And I was really confused to see you not there.
Yeah.
Because I'm like, oh, it wasn't that meeting.
I was like, I was like, wait.
And my head goes, oh, well, if they're inviting me to a creative meeting,
then it's like, Jeff's going to be there, too.
Yeah.
And you weren't there.
And so that was like, what the fuck?
And then that's my memory.
I remember your face like very scared.
I was nervous.
Because we should have had a screenshot of that.
We put that on the wall as well.
The energy was very much.
Something's going on.
And there's a reason Jeff's not here.
Yeah.
And you didn't know why.
I was really going to be there.
She happened.
Yes.
Yeah.
I thought you were like leaving or something.
Or they were going to tell me that something had happened.
And I think that's the final term.
The final term.
I mean, that's like backlog till forever.
Right.
But that it was as I'm like, oh, amazing.
Sean Spencer said 10 minutes until Riley is 24 hours.
Dream starts.
What'd you do it?
Right now?
No.
I'm too sleepy.
That's kind of where I was yesterday.
And I fucking made it a big thing.
If we sprung us surprise 24 hours,
she went on you.
How would it be?
Very careful.
Be very careful here because he's doing research.
I'd love it.
It would be so fun.
And I'd be happy.
No, I would.
I said before that it's like, I would be.
It'd be like, oh, that's nice for like two hours.
And then I would slowly sink.
I think it should be Riley's all nighter.
And it's just 12 hours.
So you don't have to go through what I just did.
Which is worse than people think it was.
What if this was just a rolling thing.
That it's like every single person.
It's 24 hours a day.
And then you don't know when it's going to be you.
So it's Jeff.
And then, but probes has like 20 plus videos ready to go.
Like Casey.
Damn it.
By the way, only like around 30 employees.
So that means that you would have to do this once a month.
Ha ha ha.
That's not going to work for me.
Marika thoughts on that idea.
Well, you know, how maybe you're an eye friend ship is grown.
You're my friend.
Uh, we can talk about that in a second.
Uh, I do think at one point we had an idea of just having a joint stream cross coast.
So like we could see each other in the offices.
And be able to like wait for that time and talk and stuff.
So it kind of be like that.
Or we just like publicize that.
Our friendship.
I think is great.
I hit a block this morning where I was like Jeff hates us.
And is never going to talk to any of us again.
Which really stressed.
There was like an hour.
I was mad at everybody.
Yeah, of course.
And that's totally within your right.
Not only is that, but it's it feels like it's what this was supposed to be.
Like I needed to have a breaking point.
I had it.
People have already pointed out when it was.
And that's what people wanted.
I don't think that's what I wanted.
None of us wanted.
I don't want the viewers.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
That's fair.
But no, but genuinely.
I think we can all agree that we all.
Anybody who is here past midnight.
Well, I guess that's just you.
No, run.
That's your past midnight.
Yeah.
That's Joe fell flat.
Where you can, sorry.
Please continue.
I'm sorry.
No, I was going to say there was a period of time where I was like.
Should we just tell Jeff and he could be in on it.
And then we decided ultimately.
But I believe.
Yeah.
I'm glad we didn't say.
If you had known, would you have done it?
Oh, yeah.
I still would have done it.
He talked about that all night.
He's like, just a week notice.
Right.
Would have helped him.
And then we didn't want that.
I know.
This is good content.
And now that we're.
So really.
10 minutes.
Oh my god.
13.
Okay.
Now there were 13 minutes away.
But like great about it.
Because it's fucking over.
Yeah.
I was worried.
I think Hedgum should buy me a Rolex.
You got it, babe.
No.
You're saying no.
I'm going to go do it.
No, no, no.
Sure cocktail.
That's what you want for me.
Another one.
No.
Just saying.
Whatever.
You could tell.
I was worried that you were not going to.
Like you were going to say no.
And like the plan was to still have like all these segments going and like either way,
even if I said either way, we would have made something work.
But but what I wanted to do was if you said no, we just.
You can't.
You can't make my ass.
Yeah.
For 24 hours.
Uh, then we just leave the cameras running in the empty room.
With this.
I agree.
For 24 hours.
To the comments.
All throughout the day.
My god.
Oh.
Ali, how has it been being Jeff?
It's felt good.
Yeah.
It's like you'll write.
You know, I've.
Oh, yeah.
It's been a new perspective.
And it has been fun.
Being.
I've never been a stand-in or a body double before.
Mm-hmm.
And I do feel like speaking of acting.
That is step one to getting in the biz.
A hundred percent.
And like putting yourself in his shoes.
So it's like, what is it like?
I guess like stepping into the mind.
The mind.
And I follow up to that.
Uh-huh.
I think it first.
I was worried.
Fine of questioning.
My point of view is it.
Like I was worried about.
If I do I have to come up with like.
Mean.
Mean spirited.
Just.
As Jeff.
It was almost too meta.
Like Jeff.
Jeff.
And then my own mind.
Yeah.
And it becomes the mindset blurred.
You could actually become Jeff or like become the Jeff presence.
Well, and going home was hard because I'm still in the overall.
Well, it's a no.
When you left the studio.
I did the you took the character of Jeff with you.
No.
You can't take it with you, but I took Jeff with me.
Mm-hmm.
Interesting.
And I was just like, it was hard to shake off.
The.
Who will talk about looking at with you for there.
You can't just get teate it with me.
The.
But, what do you go to.
Jeff, with me.
Oh, she said you can't take it with you, Casey.
I can't take it with you.
Lisa.
You can't take it with you.
But you you can't, Jeff.
Jeff with me.
With to see.
You can't take it with you.
Put her in the circle really like it.
She's saying you can't take it with you, Casey.
You can't take it with you, but I can take it with me.
It was three in the morning and I met my own house and I go to the bathroom and I look
in the mirror and I'm like, you're not jet.
I also like, sorry, now we're just like taking it.
It's like one like horror right now.
I'm like horror.
This is such a small thing, but referring to being at home is I was at my own house.
It's like the darn best thing.
I was like, my own house, we can believe it.
And you're at home, you're at home, you're at home.
Yeah, I was at my own house.
Is it my own goddamn bedroom to go fucking with you?
Yeah, I'm like, yeah, I just want to, I want the viewers to know I'm not crashing somewhere.
I have, I have a place that it's, and I pay rent.
That's cool.
It's nice.
Charlie Ashbees says, do you now understand the plight of the jet?
You know, yeah, well, I think I've understood the reality of man.
Yeah, I mean, Jeff and I have known each other for a long time.
Now, we've been working together for years.
Yeah.
We've always, I've, we've been making your life harder.
Not really.
Maybe just chasing, but it doesn't bother me.
If anything, I have to, I, I, me as an ally, I have to work through just general day-to-day
as my job is not feeling like I'm a narc.
I don't want it. My biggest fear is being annoying, and so when I do follow up or
whatever, I like, you know, you two chime in to be annoying.
OK.
I'm annoying because uh, Alf and I don't respond to alleys emails.
Nearly fast enough as we should.
No, no, no, no, no, you guys aren't.
You don't know where I go, Matt, you, I never know which is which.
What do you think is my hard to respond is the server?
Big laugh from Emma.
We, we, we at least, we have to like, plan scheduling like a day's, but you,
So that's why it takes us a little bit of time, but you think it's hard because you're like, it's at head gum or at Gmail.
I don't think it's like, oh wait, G, H.
That's hard for Jeff, for sure.
Right. I mean, Miles gave proof.
Yeah. How much longer?
Eight minutes.
Beautiful.
If you want to be true, do the time.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, I want to be true to the time.
I'm not calling.
We got to be true. We got to be true the time.
You're called Jeff's call and Jeff's.
We are true to the time.
We're true to the time.
True the time.
Do we want to do another rhythm of the rice?
Yeah, I think I think we should close it out maybe with a group that's a bit of the rice.
Okay.
Which of course.
For eight minutes.
Is it actually eight?
No, I'll give us a, I'll let us know when we're ready.
Okay.
Yeah, wait, so what if the minute we hit 24 hours,
even you start the song and then we just go out with that.
Yeah, let's do that.
Great.
I saw when I got home last time.
When I got to my own house, let's say.
I was pounding some chocolate chips from a bag.
And I love doing a lot of the best thing ever.
And I put our lemon cream for a bit.
And it was, it was another rhythm of the rice.
And so I forget it was something that comes with like,
this is a reward.
This is a reward.
That's so funny.
It was so funny.
I was like, I went to my own home and
I was on the computer.
Like, one AM, one of the rhythm of the rice.
This was happening.
And it was just everyone in the chat, spamming rice.
And I could not stop laughing.
It was so funny.
So fucking funny.
The hive mind of nonsense.
We're getting a lot of rice spamming the chat right now.
Yeah, the people are, the people can't wait for the rice.
I love rice.
We should do an Indian hour.
A what?
Exactly.
An Indian hour.
I need to be with my brothers and sisters.
I don't know what you're saying.
I think he said Indian hour.
Oh.
I advise that an Indian, I'm like,
watch an Indian film every hour.
Indian, Indian hour, an Indian Indian hour.
An Indian Indian hour.
And we'll segregate the room, whites and browns.
Just like my lawn.
Nice.
The fuck is wrong with you.
We're getting it right.
It's spamming chat with rice.
We're getting a lot of rice.
Yeah, she'll take the rice.
It's spamming the chat with rice.
You earned it.
Yeah.
What's that?
You earned it.
The rice spam.
Ha ha ha.
You're the right person.
You heard it.
Yeah.
I was really, it was more normal than that.
I just want to tie it to nail it.
No, you should take it.
Jeff, I would.
I would like now that we are closing in on the final minutes.
Yeah.
I would love to hear your, your final thoughts on this whole ordeal.
I think Jake and I are cowards.
Marty, I didn't expect to be a part of this really at all.
So he actually over delivered by being in it at all.
I think Jake and I are cowards for starting it and then never returning.
I mean, returned like what 15 minutes afterwards.
It was kind of stupid.
And honestly, that was supposed to be Jake.
Exactly.
So shout out everyone else other than Jake and I was.
Okay, in Jake's defense, he had to go rescue a cat.
What does that mean?
It means that there was a cat that needed help and he went to go help it.
What does that, that takes one ten minutes?
The person to go rescue the cat.
Because someone said, someone asked him to.
They said, hey, there's a tree.
No, there was a Emily and Murph from NAPOD.
Rescue like stray cats and like help, you know, like take them off the street and
and they know it.
They tapped Jake for somehow.
That's right.
I don't know.
Because he's in town.
I see some funny houses.
Why Jake couldn't be here for your people?
No, he was like, I got to go help a cat.
I really thought that they would be at the end.
That hurts my feelings.
Yeah, it did seem like you were playing.
When you were calling a mirror like an hour ago,
was you're not showing up for the end of this?
You want to call him again?
No, I'm mad at him.
Well, I think because what I heard was that a mirror pitch this in a content meeting.
So this was his shit.
So that's fucked up.
Yeah, he did pitch surprising.
Yeah, yeah.
So I think that's fucked up.
Ultimately, this is good because it just gets us in your favor.
Because we're here.
That's what I was going to say is we need a head gun podcast tour
because this.
Yeah, I agree.
Yeah.
And what we can talk about the road.
Tell us in the chat where the head gun podcast tour should go.
Yeah, yeah.
Tell us, no, also Jeff, uh, raise your rate.
I don't know how to do this.
Just you can.
I can't just do that.
I need to ask for a raise.
I think you can, I think you can, you can raise your rate.
You can say that you want to feel fair.
That's how I was off here right now.
Yeah, and just no, definitely.
If you could do 50 an hour for the sketches for, okay.
Well, maybe 75 because you kind of took to it pretty easily.
We're getting a lot of locations for the head gun podcast tour.
Jeff, can I say something?
I forgot we were like, okay, do something.
Uh, yeah.
Also none of that was real.
Well, um, I had to get to believe you're, you did it.
You did it, buddy.
Yeah, yeah, I'm really glad.
None of us, but we didn't.
No, thank you.
You didn't want out of any moment.
You did it.
And we raised over $1,000.
That's your career.
Rattable.
We did.
That was awesome.
Double.
We doubled it.
That's a pretty amazing.
I will, I will say, Jay Australia was me.
And I don't knock it for the money.
Jay Australia didn't donated like $700.
That's insane.
That's your Derbert treatment.
Yeah, shoot man.
Delbert Delbert, Delbert, shoot man.
Good friend of mine.
Yeah.
Um, yeah.
Oh, some people are saying come to Brazil.
Come to Brazil.
Jesus.
I've always wanted to be told to come to Brazil.
So this is, I love that we've done that before.
On your years ago, come to Brazil.
Like, really earnest and soft, and they don't actually go.
Do you want me to go to all of our hometowns?
Home town, head go.
Chicago, LA.
That one's easy.
Cleveland, Cleveland.
Santa Vanna.
Old Springs, Florida.
Yeah, let's just do Boston to want to go.
Where?
Moscow.
Oh, my god.
My god.
I think now's a good time to go there.
So what is it?
Tampa Bay?
It's good.
Miami.
Crossbrings, Florida.
Poppy could be a Miami real quick.
That's a great run.
Where'd you run?
Wisconsin.
Really?
Green Bay?
Uh, no.
Buck.
Who clear?
No.
Buck.
Appleton.
Those are like, through all three of those places.
Like, the same exact location.
That's so funny.
Where is this Monday?
Killing me.
Where?
Racine, Wisconsin.
Oh, yeah.
Home of Anacar.
What?
The Watch Company, Anacar.
Oh, I see John, a lot of come.
S.E. John says.
I think Anacar is racing, spelled backwards.
And it's a really good watch company.
Really?
Yeah.
Head gum.
A family company.
There's no way.
That's a red flag.
After referencing all of each other's
spanking each other's ass?
You were the only one who was ever known.
That was the year.
We were all.
That was the power stream.
Well, you're spanking my heart.
No.
I already know I'm not going to win it here, folks.
Uh, this is it.
I'm not going to let the lyrics go.
After this, I need to call my parents and say,
I'm not going to meet up with them tonight.
Like I said, I would because I am dead inside.
I can't believe that I can look up the rhythm of the rice.
And it's been.
I mean, you don't need as people to add meaning.
You know, you can't.
Yeah.
I can't attend.
What do you use?
What do you mean by big rice to burn to me?
I'm biating into rice.
This is the rhythm of the rice.
This is the rice.
Oh, the rice.
The consistency.
Oh, yeah.
I can't see that.
The rhythm of the rice.
This is the rhythm of my five.
My five.
Oh, yeah.
I'm not going to eat the rice.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Sing along if you know the words you should buy now.
How many times did it happen?
20 pounds.
Every year, every 500.
Oh, you've got to put some sort of on my plate.
Oh, sushi and trendy ways.
Thank you.
My three words, two, and they've all eaten rice today.
It's amazing.
Oh, I can't eat all of your grains.
Feel you give me rice again.
Round it round right.
Go, eat the rice.
My five.
He's right.
Wait.
This is the rhythm of the rice.
Oh, rice.
Oh, yeah.
The rhythm of the rice.
This is the rhythm of my five.
My five.
Oh, yeah.
I'm here at times the rice.
So long if you know the words.
You're moving the phone so much.
It's amazing.
I'm eating wrong rice taste.
My favorite lines coming up.
Oh, yeah, let's say.
How would you teach me to eat some rice?
I promise you would love to find some rice.
Oh, here it is.
Taste better than ice.
It's consistency of sand.
I don't want to be with that rice.
But you'll be rice that be nice.
Take me out and die.
There's only one in a place.
Where's the coffee?
It's called on coffee.
The rhythm of the rice.
Oh, rice.
Oh, yeah.
The rhythm of rice.
This is the rhythm of my five.
My five.
Oh, yeah.
I learned to play the five.
The rhythm of the rice.
The rice.
Oh, yeah.
The rhythm of the rice.
This is the rhythm of my strength.
My strength.
Oh, yeah.
I don't like my life.
Then it's supposed to cut out, right?
Let me look fuck out of here.
Three.
Thanks for watching everybody.
That was a hit-dum original.